well the nation's largest amusement ride
manufacture is coming out with what
they're calling the ultimate roller
coaster and it's being built right here
in Utah Logan to be exact and tonight we
take you inside the new 4d free spin dan
resco and joins us you went inside this
story too I definitely went inside a
little too close very scary fortunately
i just rode the very short prototype
once it's complete it will take you 120
feet into the air and you will not only
go on top of the track but underneath it
and around it too and it's all being
built right here in northern Utah out
here in the open range in Cache Valley
beautiful valley here it's quiet and
peaceful the last place you'd expect
to see this an actual rollercoaster ride
but that's exactly what you'll find here
in logan it's called SNS worldwide we
make high thrill extreme amusement rides
right now SNS has 450 roller coasters
across the world in 33 countries making
them the largest amusement ride
manufacturer in the United States we do
the complete design and engineering of
our ride our engineers have the uncanny
ability to in our minds imagine what's
fun and exciting and be able to create
that in a design and their latest design
we call this our 40 free spin what makes
this right so high tech is a free
spinning ability which gives riders a
different right each time they go we
want them to be able to go on the ride
and have enough variability to have
maybe three flips on one ride five on
the next or two and here's an artist's
rendering of what it looks like when
it's done the roller coaster will
actually go up and under the track our
fourth dimension is one of the most call
I think call the most extreme coaster in
the world this is just a prototype of
course not the real thing hopefully I'm
secured okay here we go so for this one
we're only going up 45 feet the real
thing we'd be going up 120 feet oh why
am I doing this Jesse right here he's
our friendly captain he'll give us a
nice little push and away we go now a
light push Jesse one spin that's all I'm
after
oh so much for the one spin wow that was
good thing it's a short ride there is
the theory that you can build something
too extreme so the challenge make it
thrilling enough to bring a scare but
not scary enough to keep people from
riding and that's why they build
prototypes right here in the open range
of cash balance
yeah there's latest roller coaster is
about a two year construction project
there and they are not able to tell us
right now where or which amusement park
is buying this one some of the other
kiddie rides that they make take about
six weeks to make or so right now SNS in
the middle of about nine to twelve
projects for more information on this go
to our website ketv.com click on inside
you don't know where it's going no we
don't they won't tell us that big secret
there but yeah it's quite the thrill
right there but you saw the kind of the
prototype what it's supposed to look
like bright I can't imagine going on
that I'd motion sickness just from
watching the video exactly your brave
soul